making money out of soft core
pornography on the internet you might
not think it's a spiritual journey you
might not think it's a defiant
rebellious political statement but you
might not know
claire michelle you may not know what it
means to her and today we're all gonna
learn together and i've gotta tell you
it's it's a little bit mysterious to me
i researched this
as well as i possibly could but i am not
sure if we're looking at the turning
point as she goes from
softcore porn
to
outright prostitution i'm not really
sure
when you put the pieces of this story
together what the next chapter is gonna
be let's just start with the quote on
screen wealth needs to be in the hands
of those who have incarnated upon this
planet to dismantle the fear-based
paradigms that have been enslaving
humanity for eons it is essential that
now more than ever that all light
workers
deeply heal their money wounds close
quote that's what we're getting into
today ladies and gentlemen we are
getting into the money wounds of claire
michelle and her process of healing and
how she has learned to just shut up and
love the fact that she can earn money
based on the shape of her ass it wasn't
always this way she wasn't always the
light-hearted fun-loving nearly nude
instagrammer who would remark that it's
a fun fact that her boobs grow when
she's happy yes and the follow-up
quotation there is not sure how this
works
but i'm here for it and you know my
lovely companion here melissa she
sometimes likes to ask the question
skeptically how would any of us regard
this if it were a male instagramer if it
were a man on youtube on instagram
saying these same things look guys it's
a fun fact but uh
the size of my penis increases when i'm
happy and you know i i don't understand
the science behind it but but i am here
for it you know what i'm saying and you
know i've finally decided after years
about feeling bad about prostituting
myself that you know wealth needs to be
in the hands of those who've been
incarnated on this planet to be uh light
workers i'm i'm freeing you i'm
liberating you from your uh your
enslavement and um
i'm gonna get over my aversion to making
money out of uh yeah the shape of my ass
yeah
what if this were a man what if this
were coming not from claire michelle but
from craig michaels or the equivalent
and i gotta say guys i've followed
claire michelle through this journey the
first video on my channel addressed to
claire michelle with claire michelle's
name in the title you see it right there
bikinis and bomb craters it still stands
up it's still a great video go back and
watch it six thousand people already did
you can be number six thousand one bunch
of meaningful reflections about
education and how getting older isn't
necessarily getting wiser but you know
it should be so many young people at
that time were dropping out of
university and sometimes even dropping
out of high school to come on the
internet and do what claire michelle was
doing at the time but at that time
what she was doing was vegan activism
and now
as you're about to hear
she has very different ideas about what
her mission is
and frankly how it's going to fill up
her bank account yes look at the sepia
tone text in the top left corner of your
screen here booty pics
plus abundance codes dripping in
let's talk about money so she's realized
that there is a connection between um
how flagrant her booty picks are on
instagram and the amount of uh so-called
abundance flowing into her pockets not
that she has any pockets don't get me
wrong i don't think i've seen her
wearing anything with pockets for five
years quote due to my dreamy spacey
starseed nature and a severe lack of
balance with my masculine and feminine
energy for most of my life i avoided
numbers and structure at all costs
period but she's still rebelling against
numbers she's still rebelling against
structure and you can tell because she
follows this up with a sentence
beginning with a lowercase letter i
she's fighting against the autocorrect
feature on her phone you know even if
the eye appears in the middle of the
sentence your phone is gonna put it in
gaps but no no no she pressed that
button two or three times to make sure
she rebelled against the constraints of
english language grammar and we start a
new sentence with a lowercase letter i
as follows quote i had the tendency to
neglect the responsibilities of
functioning as a human being within a
world governed by numbers trusting that
money would just flow to me living in
survival mode on a month-to-month basis
close quote i can remember those days i
can remember when she was agonized about
and uncomfortable with the fact that one
virtually all of the attention she
received on the internet was because of
her sex appeal and was because of her
exploiting her own sex appeal what do
you know what a big surprise the number
of people who are interested in her
airsat's spiritual self-help message
it's dramatically fewer than the number
of people who are interested in the
shape of her ass quote i was not fully
anchored in my power and my confidence
to share my spiritual gifts with others
charge my worth
and actually receive the level of
financial freedom
required to rise into my mission upon
this earth yeah confused yet no
mysterious provocative intriguing and
i'm not talking about the photograph on
the left-hand side of your screen now
that i realized how much my ass is worth
i'm going to charge you to look at it
you know it's not the size of your ass
it's what you're willing to do with it
and i think we are left guessing just
what is she willing to do to realize
what she feels this ass is worth and the
level of financial freedom she's going
to give she's developed a complex
spiritual conviction
that money
is freedom
freedom is god
and the mission that god placed her on
earth to do
involves her making as much money as
possible
out of her ass and we're left to wonder
if that's just going to involve
cameras or
other kinds of things
going into it
because the truth is
the more you have the more you can give
i have so many dreams that we brought to
life by a stronger financial foundation
and i refuse to be caged by
self-limiting
beliefs any longer yes so she looks back
on the spirituality she had in 2018 and
sees that now as merely a set of
self-limiting beliefs and these new
beliefs she's embracing they're not
self-limiting at all because it's not
about owning a lot of money it's about
channeling money into your purpose into
your art into your dreams to support the
entire collective awakening that you
signed up for when your soul chose to
come to planet earth now what she calls
channeling money
you and i might call
spending money
when she's saying it's not about owning
money
what she's saying is it's actually about
buying things with the money
so this thrift store fine right and i
think there will be a few hundred or a
few thousand men who will be happy to
donate via only fans or a similar
website to support your um
refined taste in uh thrifted merchandise
or whatever it is you are implicitly
wanting us to understand is your you
know grandiose spiritual purpose that
your soul signed up for when you chose
to come to uh to planet earth
rather than say mars or venus one of
many other uh stations that were
available to you embodying your worth is
your responsibility
as a light worker on earth
at this time
as the living pillars of heaven upon
this planet it is our divine duty and
responsibility to thrive
in every dimension
of our existence
so guys if you are masturbating while
clicking through instagram accounts i
want you to know
these are not mere mortals these are not
mere
human beings who are exciting your
animal instincts evolved over millions
of years
no
these are the pillars of heaven
on this planet and in every second of
this sacred life
you have the free will oh you didn't
think it would go this far oh it goes
further
in every second of his sacred life you
have the free will to embody the worth
of your inner wealth in that all you oh
great i lost the threat
and in every second of this sacred life
you have the free will to embody the
worth of your inner wealth period no
capital letter in all that you do period
no capital letter all that you allow all
that you choose yeah i would have said
that i would have said that with more uh
subtext so check check this out okay
you have the free will to embody the
worth of your inner wealth in all that
you do
all that you allow
all that you choose
if you know what i'm saying and i think
that you do this year god the first
capital letter we've had in this whole
monologue capital letter g in this year
god called me to claim my divine worth
in every aspect of my life i think only
one or two aspects have you ever
considered becoming a dentist claire
have you ever thought that god might be
calling you to be okay okay dental
hygienist there are a lot of ways to
earn money i understand you want money
but this is not the only way to do it
and you know it's not really every
aspect of your life that you're going to
be improving by going into porn or
should i say going further into porn
because realistically you've already
been doing softcore porn for at least
five years
in my relationships my business
my body my finances in the way that i
love and take care of myself in the way
that i love and show up for others
new sentence new paragraph lowercase
letter
to see money as an exchange of energy
not as something that is inherently
toxic and negative
i see where she's coming from in terms
of saying that she's shifting from
regarding money as something inherently
toxic and negative to seeing it as
something positive in her life or like i
understand that i was raised by
extremely left-wing parents who
demonized money and demonized economics
from that left-wing perspective then at
some point you grow up and start seeing
things
you know more
pragmatic like but her conclusion
has not been to switch from
you know dreadlocked hippie
spirituality to
down-to-earth pragmatic economics
it's to take that spirituality
and replace
self-abnegation humility and monasticism
with the reckless pursuit of profit
she has simply conflated money with god
she has replaced the spiritual
motivation she had before
with the love of luker
and she's saying well money is freedom
freedom is power and she's going to use
her power to do wonderful things in the
world that are unspecified oh yes
and the uh the absence of any mention of
veganism or vegan activism is
significant there yeah because you know
she's not the first person we've heard
this from um anyone else remember james
aspie it's not that different from james
aspey's great scheme to get rich and
change the world that has a lot to do
with him posing nine tenths naked in a
in a bikini him and his wife he says
he's going to change the world later
just let him get rich and famous first
so this isn't that far off but
the spiritual pretensions are on
or on the next level quote the truth is
everyone wants freedom but not everyone
is taking responsibility for their lives
myself included for a time i've spiraled
into victim consciousness many times
throughout my journey and it's not a fun
place to hang out freedom and
responsibility
go hand in hand and sustained wealth can
only be sourced through trusting your
ability to share your soul's gifts with
this world now pause
what are the gifts she has been sharing
with this world and what are the gifts
she's now resolving she's going to share
with this world
as never before we're left to fill in
the blanks but she's not going to dental
hygiene college she hasn't decided to
become a nurse she hasn't decided to
become a lawyer she hasn't decided to
join the army and earn an honest living
by shooting people in the head with the
u.s marine corps you know like there are
all kinds of ways you can get motivated
give up your old phony spiritual beliefs
and decide to earn money and take
responsibility and be a grown-up and the
one she's embracing seems to be
nude modeling
if not
the next step thereafter witnessing the
programs that arise around money then
choosing to end the cycle with yourself
unraveling the scarcity conditioning
from your ancestral line your ancestral
line
it's starting to sound kind of
conditioning it's kind of starting to
sound kind of racist you know what i'm
saying what do you mean
yeah what are you doing
because i'm jewish is that what you're
trying to say where are you going with
this claire
what are you saying yeah my ancestors
were slaves so what you know
let's really think about this here
unraveling the scarcity conditioning
from your ancestral
line another
very strange concept
that you've inherited conditioning from
your grandparents and great grandparents
some of whom might have been slaves and
some of whom might have been slave
owners depending on who you are
yeah dissolving all traces of victim
consciousness and taking radical
responsibility for every aspect of your
life
it's deep work and it doesn't happen
overnight it requires devotion every
single day
you know the other thing that's funny
about this is as soon as these people
start embracing the like self-made
entrepreneur thing
i wonder if they're aware of just what a
gap there is
stylistically substantively and just the
gap between the different shelves in the
library between this horseshit they're
now preaching
and what actual financiers actual
economists and actual millionaires say
about making money it's just like all
the [ __ ] she was doing as a body
positivity
self-help guru before
you know she's just taking the same
vocabulary certainly would question if
your financial advisor was talking about
money as a transfer of energy yeah um
quote dissolving all traces of victim
consciousness and taking radical
responsibility
for every aspect of your life now close
quote again that would sound different
if she were saying she was not going to
do any nude modeling anymore if she was
saying and that's it now i'm going to
join the sniper regiment and start to
start winning that war in afghanistan
for the usfa if she was saying she was
going to go work on a fishing boat it's
not vegan but still you get catch my
drift if she was saying she was going to
take up any honest job or profession but
it seems like she's gonna start from
this deeply dishonest place of peddling
her own spirituality
and get
much more
radically responsible about instead
making money out of the shape of our ass
wealth is a living breathing currency a
dimensional frequency that is constantly
listening to responding to who you are
choosing to show up as in every moment
of your human existence i have to stop
you there in every now moment
thank you my sweet i was yeah
[Laughter]
my inner editor was improving her
english without my even noticing it now
she shouts out another
instagram profile here
everything that's wrong with
plentiful soul everything that's wrong
with claire michelle is even more wrong
with this other instagram profile and it
seems like it's more wrong yeah it's
even more recklessly encouraging women
to basically prostitute themselves and
then present this as a journey of
self-empowerment on the internet
publicly yeah now
look i think that's an interesting
conversation to have i mean you know
i've said this to you we went to a
restaurant here once
and you look at the young women who are
working at this restaurant in this
particular case they were all really
good-looking young women and they are
being exploited and it is an awful job
you know what i mean and you're aware
every single one of them could be making
much more money on only fans they could
probably be making more money doing what
claire michelle already does on
instagram or youtube
and you know it's easy to kind of preach
you know the honor and dignity of having
an honest job and earning an honest
living as opposed to going into soft
core porn or as opposed to going to
hardcore porn but for a lot of us a lot
of us have jobs where there is no honor
and there is no dignity so instead
people sign up for one philosophy or
another that's going to make them feel
like there's
honor and dignity in taking up the path
of
sexual exploitation and claire michelle
of anyone have ever known the internet
she has taken the most time to think
this over she's taken more than five
years to you know stare down this
hallway
and and really think over whether or not
she wants this whether or not she wants
this career
and
it seems like she's just finally taking
this step now
you know
she didn't rush into it you know she
didn't jump on this bandwagon the day
she turned 18 as so many millions do
right as she said honestly enough
instead she lived for years just
expecting through the power of positive
thinking that money would come to her
you know and here we are five years
later she's tired of being broke
she's tired of her old philosophy she's
gonna get a new philosophy yeah you can
couch it in this floral language but
it really is just
the oldest profession yeah in the world
selling your body for money
yeah
and i say this
today i'll say this tomorrow i'll say
this 10 years from now if i'm still
alive at 90 years old i'll say it when
i'm a 90 year old man on the internet
there's a difference between stripping
to pay your way through college
and dropping out of college to become a
stripper
i'm not saying there's necessarily no
future in stripping i'm not saying
there's no future in being a sex worker
or a nude model right but these
particular people
they tend to be pursuing this type of
fame at the expense of like turning
their back on any possibility of ever
having
a real career a real future doing
anything other than sexually exploiting
themselves
it doesn't have to be that way but far
too often
it is
so she shouts out this other instagram
profile and then says she embodies this
so deeply and has helped this code
anchor in me through witnessing her
devotion to her soul alignment and
integrity in every dimension of her
business which is an extension of her
essence yeah well the fact of the matter
is you're weighing how many grams of
oats you eat for breakfast and looking
in the mirror and working out of the gym
because you know you earn your living
wearing lingerie and bikinis and
photographing it at just the right angle
to look just the right way to give men
orgasms that's the exchange that's going
on here so it's interesting like
philosophically she is saying she wants
to embrace
economic pragmatism
as never before
but what is your soul's purpose
what is this economic function you're
praising so highly well
it's porn
thank you for showing us all what is
possible when a woman fiercely embodies
her worth and trusts the rhythms of her
body to guide her pathway to pure
liberation
so yeah i can see it written on
melissa's face right now
like
the path to financial freedom is
capitalizing on your body that's the
message that she's sending even more
explicitly she's saying
that a woman's worth
is
her sex appeal is her physical
appearance specifically
as you can monetize it by being enticing
to men that is from my perspective the
most purely evil and ethically hideous
aspect of this worldview of all
now
not everyone can be a bikini model
not everyone can be a doctor not
everyone can be a nurse not everyone can
be a dentist
not everyone can be a philosopher
not everyone can earn an honest living
shooting people in the head for the u.s
marine corps i get it
but whatever it is you feel
the worth is of being a human being
of being as she would put it incarnated
on this earth
this ain't it
quote your potential for success is
never determined
by the current contents of your external
reality
this is what it means to be guided by
faith over
sight to release all judgment around
where you are now in your finances in
your business in your work and fiercely
focus upon your eternal inner well
of limitless potential
wealth is freedom
wealth is liberation
and this state of sustained liberation
is an immediate result when you are
living in true harmony with your soul oh
my god make it stop
[Laughter]
external wealth is your natural state of
being when you are in alignment
internally
when your external realm seems to be
crumbling into chaos
slow down breathe deep turn your
awareness inwards and choose to believe
in an invisible dream that only you and
god
can see
ladies and gentlemen
you cannot worship
both god and mammon but what we have
here is precisely the reconciliation of
spirituality with greed
with a capital letter
g
as you nurture your inner world
and deepen your levels of internal
integrity living from that space of
unshaken soul confidence the more and
more magnetic open relaxed surrendered
your channel will become to receiving
the limitless abundance of your divine
inheritance can i just pause and ask
would this advice be applicable to any
walk of life any role any job
other than prostitution like if you were
talking to a farmer like yeah i farm
strawberries
what am i going to do with this advice
what sense does yeah well you know what
it rained too much this year so it was a
bad year for straw like what are you
going to tell me if i'm literally a
strawberry farmer any other walk of life
listen to the rhythms of your body
that's what she's telling me recognize
your true worth realize why god put you
here you are acquainted with your soul
when you know once you're inwardly
aligned then you're going to be right
abundance will come to you so so you're
saying i should stop farming
strawberries and switch to farming pairs
what are you trying to tell me like
i can't say that this makes no sense for
her life i think what makes this so
tragic comic is that it only makes sense
as a set of excuses for her own life
the more you live from a state of faith
over fear the more you will unearth the
confidence to give yourself full
permission to embody the essence of
empowerment in all that you think
all that you are
all that you do
the more and more you nurture your
connection to god to your soul to that
inner oasis of overflowing love
the more the remembrance of your divine
worth will anchor
deeper and deeper into every cell of
your being and the consciousness held
within your physical vessel will match
the energetic resonance of your soul's
essence the most embodied abundant
unfuck-withable
version of you because you will feel so
good living from that state of genuine
inner empowerment
prosperity of all forms will have no
choice but to be drawn to you to reflect
your anchored embodiment of internal
wealth
it actually requires
more
mental effort to remain in lack and
scarcity
it takes more stories
more focus
more fear
abundance
is your natural state
of being do you think she watches the
news
like do you think she ever just tunes in
and looks at that footage from what's
happening in afghanistan
and just thinks how does my philosophy
apply to this
i mean
afghanistan's what's in the news this
week people but i mean you could throw a
dart in the map
do you think she ever walks out of her
front door and walks half a mile in any
direction straight and wonders how does
her philosophy apply to these people
she's walking fast you know
when you are deeply dropped into the
consciousness of your heart you will
genuinely feel how fully held your soul
is within the limitless love of god
still the one and only capitalized word
in this essay and from that deeply
rooted space of feeling
and from that deeply rooted space comma
of feeling so protected
so provided for so loved so supported by
divine creator capital d capital c yes
you will effortlessly summon the
confidence to take leaps of faith in
your business in your relationships in
your life itself that will lead to
levels of prosperity in every dimension
of your existence beyond everything you
could have ever imagined within the
limiting constructs of your mind
and what could she possibly be talking
about
other than
selling images of the crack in her ass
quote i just recently started investing
in crypto and it is honestly the future
highly recommended
what are your thoughts on crypto
have you started investing in
cryptocurrency yet
i was gonna say maybe this is leading up
to some multi-level marketing scheme
maybe the future is
financial advisor
claire michelle
[Music]
you